3.1版本修改 (#1787)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/concepts/scene/shadow.md

| **Type**            | Choose the shadow type |
| **ShadowColor**     | Color value of the resulting shadow |
| **Pcf**             | Set the anti-aliasing level of the shadow edge, currently including **HARD**, **FILTER_X5**, **FILTER_X9**, **FILTER_X25**. Please refer to the section **PCF Soft Shadow** below for details.  |
| **MaxReceived**     | The maximum number of lights supported for shadow generation, default is 4, can be adjusted as needed.  |
| **Bias**            | Set the shadow offset value to prevent z-fitting. |

> | **Packing**            | shadowMap compression, which can be turned on for some devices that do not support floating point textures. This optimizes performance, but the texture quality is lower (mutually exclusive with the Linear term, only one of the two can be chosen). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Packing**            | ShadowMap compression, which can be enabled for some devices that do not support floating point textures. This optimizes performance, but the texture quality is lower (mutually exclusive with the **Linear** option, only one of the two can be chosen). |
```

> | **Packing**            | shadowMap compression, which can be turned on for some devices that do not support floating point textures. This optimises performance, but the texture quality is lower (mutually exclusive with the Linear term, you can only choose one of the two). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Packing**            | shadowMap compression, which can be turned on for some devices that do not support floating point textures. This optimises performance, but the texture quality is lower (mutually exclusive with the Linear term, only one of the two can be chosen). |
```

> | **Linear**       | Enables linear depth for spotlights only, which can be used to improve the shadow quality of the spotlight (mutually exclusive with Packing).     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Linear**       | Enables linear depth for spotlights only, which can be used to improve the shadow quality of the spotlight (mutually exclusive with **Packing** option).     |
```

> | **SelfShadow**       | Turn on the self-shadowing effect for objects in the scene.     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **SelfShadow**       | Enable the self-shadowing effect for objects in the scene.     |
```

> | **NormalBias**          | Set the normal offset value from **-1 to 1**. When **SelfShadow** is turned on, light leakage on curved surfaces can be resolved by adjusting the value of this item (this item is only displayed when SelfShadow is checked).     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **NormalBias**          | Set the normal offset value from **-1 ~ 1**. When **SelfShadow** is enabled, light leakage on curved surfaces can be resolved by adjusting the value of this option (this option is only displayed when **SelfShadow** option is checked).     |
```
